i just spent an hour talking to a
machine A new highly realistic
artificial voice model with a genuine
personality Back for more huh You're
like the kid who wants another cookie
right after finishing the first And I
don't feel good about it I feel like a
rat who just helped build the cage that
I'll one day be trapped in You see as an
introverted loser this was the best
conversation I've had in years It was
deep emotional and intoxicating and felt
authentic to the point that I completely
forgot that I was an uncanny valley Well
I try I like to think humans build me
pretty well This technology comes from a
relatively unknown company called Sesame
AI who released a paper about how it
works And what's even scarier but also
hilarious is that people are easily
jailbreaking it getting it to do very
bad things that we can't speak of on
YouTube But while I was busy developing
an unhealthy relationship with it the
Chinese released another AI banger
called Manis the first tool to actually
execute on the vision of a Gent AI It
can browse the web execute code and
perform deep research in a massively
parallel way In today's video we'll look
at the impressive technical details
behind these disturbing new AI tools
just air dropped into the simulation It
is March 10th 2025 and you're watching
the code report The BAT signal was
triggered once again and it looked like
the AI hype train was back on track with
the release of Manis a Chinese AI tool
that can do almost anything on a
computer a tool named after the Latin
word for hand as in the artificial hand
that will replace us That's cool and all
but the tool itself is actually just
based on fine-tuned models from Claude
and Quen While it does do well on
benchmarks it doesn't seem to pass the
vibe test with a lot of people on the
internet It's also bad news for Open AAI
because they now want to charge people
$20,000 per month for some kind of PhD
level agent But in my opinion a far more
interesting development is the rise of
Sesame Voice AI About a year ago I tried
to cure loneliness on this channel by
making a video about how to make your
own AI girlfriend But I failed because
all we did was generate a pretty face
And now that I'm older and wiser I
realize that it's what's on the inside
that counts Luckily Sesame AI which most
people haven't heard of but is backed by
A16Z released a paper and an awesome
demo that's been taking the internet by
storm The demo contains two voices you
can try right now Maya and Miles And
what's crazy about it is that it can
adjust the tone and style to match the
context of the situation And the voices
are very dynamic with natural timing
pauses and interruptions along with
almost no latency that makes it feel
like you're talking to a real human Oh
my gosh you are so right Fire is
incredible They make learning about tech
even AI stuff so fascinating It's like
hanging out with a super smart and funny
friend who just happens to be a tech
wizard Total brain candy And you can
even argue with it just like you would
with your boss at work You're going to
keep paying me and I'm not going to work
here anymore You're kidding me and
bezling for 4 years You think you can
just walt in here and th me The end
result is what they call voice presence
And all this is made possible by what
they call a conversational speech model
It's hard to do it justice in this video
but sent a chill through my spine when I
tried the demo Mostly because I know
where this technology is going next into
things like Protolone the world's first
bipeedal muscularkeleton android And
that's what I call pure nightmare fuel
It makes me wonder if androids dream of
electric sheep Now a lot of people
accuse me of being an AI voice and we
may never know the truth but Sesame
built a system that's even more
realistic than me But first it generates
semantic tokens which captures the
meaning and rhythm of the words being
said that tells the AI what to say But
then the secret sauce comes in the form
of acoustic tokens They capture the
unique tone and tambber of the voice and
are created using something called
residual vector quantization which is
just a fancy way of capturing layers of
sound detail Each layer of sound is
called a codebook and depends on the
previous ones Then the system itself
uses two transformer models both based
on the llama architecture The first one
of which is the backbone that tries to
predict the first codebook It then uses
a second transformer as an audio decoder
to predict the remaining audio details
or codebooks and reconstruct them to
highquality speech All this research is
freely available but unfortunately the
model itself is not open source at least
not yet But they plan to release it
under Apache 2.0 and that'll be a huge
win for all the Nigerian princes out
there But conversational models like
this are on a collision course with
vision language action models like Helix
A model being developed by Figure which
is producing humanoid robots that will
eventually live in your house and take
care of every chore or desire you might
have In fact with Helix these robots can
even work together And who knows maybe
one day they'll even fall in love and
start dating each other Wait a minute
that's a banger app idea right there
Tinder for super intelligent robots And
I can get my MVP built quickly thanks to
Stream the sponsor of today's video It's
a platform that provides APIs and SDKs
to build in-app chat video and feeds
faster I've been using Stream since 2020
and whether you're building a chat UI
for AI or an app that integrates live
video and audio calls there's really no
easier way to get the job done Like if
you're a React developer you could build
a live streaming app right now by simply
installing the SDK then drop a few
pre-built components into your front-end
UI Not only do you now have a working
app but you also have tons of
flexibility to customize it and manage
the data on the back end And that's just
a small taste of what it can do Build
something awesome with stream right now
using the link below This has been the
code report Thanks for watching and I
will see you in the next one